(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(NARRATOR READING)
Journey to the Pride Lands.
It is
a difficult decision.
It is.
I have a duty
to the Pride Lands.
My whole family
is there.
But I still have
more to learn about
the Roar.
And the Night Pride
could use our help.
And Rani...
I mean, Queen Rani.
She wants me to stay.
And what do
you want to do?
What do I want?
Yes, Kion.
The decision
is yours to make.
You must choose the path
that is right for you.
The path
that's right for me...
Thank you,
Grandfather.
RANI: Kion?
Rani?
Uh, hi.
Have you thought about
what I said?
You mean about
never being welcome
at the Tree of Life?
(LAUGHS) That was
a while ago.
Funny how things
can change once
you get to know someone
Yeah, it's true.
We really do make
a good team, Kion.
I know.
The Lion Guard
and the Night Pride
work really
well together.
(CHUCKLES) Well, yeah.
But, I also mean
you and me.
Yeah. We do.
♪ How are we
so different
♪ And still
so much the same?
♪ Why do I start
smiling?
♪ When I hear
your name?
♪ There are times
I think you could be
♪ A reflection of me
♪ Still there's
something deeper
BOTH:
♪ More than what we see
♪ There's a feeling
of belonging
♪ That's deep down inside
♪ A feeling
that's been growing
♪ Now we just can't hide
♪ It's a feeling
somehow knowing
♪ There's nothing to decide
♪ 'Cause when
I'm with you it's clear
♪ We're of the same pride
♪ Seems like
I have grown up
♪ So much
since I met you
♪ Like it's been
forever
♪ But every day
is new
♪ We had some
great adventures
♪ We also had
some fun
♪ Shame to think
it's ending
♪ Or has it
just begun?
BOTH:
♪ There's a feeling
of belonging
♪ That's deep down
inside
♪ A feeling
that's been growing
♪ Now we just can't hide
♪ It's a feeling
somehow knowing
♪ There's nothing to decide
♪ 'Cause when I'm with you
it's clear
♪ We're of the same pride
RANI:
♪ You have the energy
and drive to take command
KION:
♪ You have the patience
I always wish I had
♪ Working together
I finally understand
♪ Having you here
by my side
♪ Will help me
rule this land
BOTH:
♪ There's a feeling
of belonging
♪ That's deep down inside
♪ A feeling
that's been growing
♪ Now we just can't hide
♪ It's a feeling
somehow knowing
♪ There's nothing to decide
♪ 'Cause when
I'm with you
it's clear
♪ 'Cause when
I'm with you
it's clear
♪ We're of
the same pride ♪
Being queen
has been more work
than I expected.
I really could use
your help
keeping
the Tree of Life
at peace.
If I've learned anything
about you, Rani,
it's that you don't need
my help.
You don't need
anyone's help.
You're a great
leader, Rani.
Thank you, Kion.
I want to be
a great queen
someday, too.
And a great queen
could use
a great king.
Like you.
King?
BUNGA: Kion!
Hey, Kion.
Uh, hey,
Bunga.
What's going on?
That's what
we've been
wondering.
You are all
healed now.
And the bad guys
are gone.
Time to go home?
I've told Kion
you're all welcome
to stay at
the Tree of Life.
That I'd like you
to stay.
Stay?
Kion, are you
seriously thinking
about staying here
and not going back
to the Pride Lands?
Well, there's peace
in the Pride Lands.
The Night Pride
could use
our help.
And Rani
has become
a good friend.
So has Binga.
I've made lots
of friends
here too.
It is tempting
to stay.
The Tree of Life
has so much to see.
Yep.
(SIGHS)
I don't know.
(ULLU HOOTING)
Queen Rani,
Lion Guard.
I've spotted
a cheetah, making
his way up the pass.
A cheetah?
AZAAD: Mibinamet!
BOTH: Azaad!
Wha...
Huh?
Fuli. Queen Rani.
Azaad.
You two know
each other?
Azaad's been to
the Tree of Life before.
Yes. Queen Janna herself
healed Azaad,
after an unexpected fall.
She will be missed.
Thank you,
Azaad.
So what brings you
here now?
Another
unexpected fall?
(LAUGHS) No, no.
Two travelers asked
for directions,
and Azaad
has shown them here.
Swift as a cheetah.
It seems
they couldn't keep up.
JASIRI: Azaad.
(COUGHS)
Wait for us.
Jasiri?
Janja?
I'll stop him!
Zuka Zama!
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS) Oh, Bunga,
get off of me.
I'm on your side now.
Oh, yeah.
I forgot.
KION: Jasiri?
Janja?
What are you
doing here?
It's Zira.
She and her pride
of evil lions are back.
What?
Zira?
Oh, no.
She's the leader
of some very bad lions.
My dad
banished them
for betraying
the Pride Lands.
But you roared
those lions
all the way
outta the Outlands.
Yes,
but they're
back now.
And now Zira's son,
Kovu,
and daughter, Vitani,
are fully grown.
Hate to admit it,
but us hyenas
don't stand a chance
against those lions
The hyenas told me
all of this.
It is why I brought
them here as fast
as I could.
And faster than
they could.
Kion?
It's up to
the Lion Guard
to stop Zira
and her pride.
As long as we have
the Mark of the Guard
we have a duty
to defend
the Pride Lands.
I know.
You can't stay here
if the Pride Lands
are in danger.
Yes. And we have
to go now.
MAKINI: Kion.
I think
I have to stay.
I'm Queen Rani's
Royal Mjuzi now.
This is my place
in the Circle of Life.
I understand.
I'm sure you'll be
a great Royal Mjuzi,
Makini.
Thanks, Kion.
Bye, Makini.
We'll miss you.
Affirmative.
Yep.
Say hi to all
the Pride Landers
for me?
We will.
So, Lion Guard,
this is goodbye.
Thank you,
for helping me
defend the
Tree of Life.
I consider
each of you
a member
of my Pride.
Fuli, Bunga,
Beshte,
Ono, Anga.
Kion, I know
you need to protect
the Pride Lands,
but I meant
what I said before.
I know.
You,
and your friends,
will always be welcome
at the Tree of Life.
Thank you,
Queen Rani.
Come on, Lion Guard,
time to go.
Till the Pride Lands'
end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Maybe the Roar
will return again.
Someday.
Thanks for coming
to get us, Jasiri.
You've saved
my family and home
more than once.
Just returning
the favor.
Fuli,
I understand that
you have friends,
but having
hyenas for friends?
Whoa! (GRUNTING)
That seems
very unlikely.
It's a long story,
but they've earned
our trust.
Ono?
Still remember all the
moja kwa moja  stones
on Rafiki's map?
Indeed.
The first landmark
back to the Pride Lands
is a giant lake.
Ooh,
I remember that.
Me too.
ANGA: Got it!
The lake's
this way.
We'll need
to move fast.
It'll take us a long time
to go around that lake.
And even longer
to get back to
the Pride Lands.
It is a shame
that your friends
are not cheetahs.
We could go
this way.
It would be
much faster.
Wait, you know
a faster way
to get to
the Pride Lands?
But of course.
I have travelled much,
and know
the fastest routes
to all of
the Great Lands.
Alas, I do not think
your hippo friend
would fit on the path
we'd need to take.
Kion, if you need to
leave me behind
I understand.
Before we decide
anything,
I want to take
a look and see.
Azaad,
show us the way.
Follow me.
The fastest way
is through
this canyon.
BESHTE: Oh!
That is a narrow path.
BUNGA: Hmm.
Hmm.
Yeah, I don't think
you're gonna fit
through there, Big B.
Is this
the only way, Azaad?
It is
the fastest way.
The way of
the cheetah!
Not the way
of the hippo. Sorry.
So, guess we go back
and take the slower way?
No.
If this is
the fastest way,
then this is
the way we're going.
Get behind me.
(LAUGHS) I know
what that means.
But you cannot
all fit.
How...
Just wait.
It's un-Bunga-lievable!
(ROARING LOUDLY)
(LAUGHS HEARTILY)
Gotta love the Roar.
Very well.
The fast way it is.
AZAAD: We will need
to cross this ravine.
(CHUCKLES)
That's deep
and wide.
Deep and wide!
(ECHOES) Deep and wide.
A cheetah
could just
leap across
But the nearest
land bridge
may take days
to reach.
We need to get back
to the Pride Lands
as fast as we can.
We just need to
get across
this ravine?
AZAAD: Yes.
The path
to the Pride Lands
continues
on the other side.
But...
That's all I needed
to hear.
Ooh, ooh!
Me first!
(LAUGHS) Okay, Bunga,
you first.
First?
First
for what?
You'll see.
(ROARING LOUDLY)
(LAUGHS) Yeah!
(ROARING)
That's what
I'm talking about!
So,
who's next?
Next? Whoa,
no way I'm going across
the ravine like that!
Don't worry,
Janja.
Kion's learned
lots of new ways
to use the Roar.
Indeed. It's
perfectly safe.
Easy for you to say.
You can fly.
Don't tell me
you're scared.
What? Me? Scared?
(SCOFFS) No way!
Good.
Go ahead, Kion.
(ROARING)
Wait,
wait, wait!
It's just that
I don't wanna fly!
See? That wasn't
so bad, was it?
It was fun.
Yeah.
Better than
all the other times
Kion's roared at me.
(KION ROARING)
Poa!  (LAUGHING)
Fuli? Azaad?
We can cross
the ravine
like cheetahs.
Yes, Fuli?
Yes.
Mibinamet.
Huwezi!
So, Kion,
how will
you get across?
Like this.
(ROARING)
(WIND BLOWING)
Un-Bunga-lievable!
Okay, Azaad,
we're across.
Now which way
do we go?
This way.
Fuli sure
seems happy
to see that
Azaad guy again.
It's like Kion
and Queen Rani.
They're really
good friends,
you know?
Yeah.
Really good
friends.
Here we turn
and follow
the river bed
to its mouth.
Is it far?
Farther than
even I can see.
If you were
all cheetahs,
we could make it
before the sun sets.
Oh, I think
I can get us there
way before sunset!
First, we need
to get this dead tree
into the riverbed.
Okay! Twende ki...
KION:
Don't worry, Beshte,
I got it.
(ROARING)
Poa.  Guess you
didn't need
my help after all.
Oh, yeah!
Kion's
new Roars
make him
a one-lion
Lion Guard.
Guess they
kinda do.
Okay, now,
we're going to
ride that tree
down the river.
But, there is
no river.
Not yet.
Hope you two
don't mind
getting wet.
(ROARING)
(THUNDER CLAPS)
(YELPS)
Hmm, afraid
of thunder, hyena?
Me? Afraid?
No way.
(RUMBLING)
(LAUGHS)
Kion roared up
a river!
Now, everyone
hop on the tree
and hold on tight.
We're gonna ride
the tree down
the river.
Must we?
What?
Afraid of water,
cheetah?
Azaad
is never afraid.
It is simply that
cheetahs and water
do not get along.
See?
It's not just me.
Here comes
the water.
Everybody,
get on!
Zuka Zama!
(SIGHS)
Here we go.
Hang on, everybody.
ALL: Whoa!
This is
un-Bunga-lievable!
They look like
they're having fun.
Most of them.
You okay, Janja?
(GROANS) I think
I liked it better
when Kion
just used his roar
to blast us back
to the... (GAGS)
Outlands.
Thanks for helping us
find our way, Azaad.
I'm sure this part
isn't much fun
for you.
I do prefer
my adventures
to be
less soggy,
but I am pleased
to be having
this adventure
with you.
Isn't this
great?
And look at
all the waves
up ahead!
Must we?
(ALL SCREAMING)
(BOTH YELP)
Looks like this is
as far as we go.
Aw, too bad.
That was fun.
What do
you think, Azaad?
Fast enough
for you?
Almost as fast
as a cheetah.
Great.
Now let's keep going.
♪ Life has a way
of circling around
♪ Starting your day
on different ground
♪ As you move on
♪ You don't slow down
♪ There's still ways to go
♪ Yeah you go
Oh oh oh oh
♪ Yeah you can push yourself
Try something new
♪ Go ahead
and find your limits
♪ See what you can do
♪ As you move on
♪ You don't slow down
♪ There's still ways to go
(ROARING)
♪ As you move on
♪ You don't slow down
♪ There's still ways to go
♪ Yeah you go
Oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh ♪
This,
is the Great
Stone Wall.
We are not far
from the
Pride Lands now.
But the Wall
is too large
to climb.
The cheetah way
is to run around it.
I think I can find us
another way.
Or make one.
Ooh, what are you
gonna do, Kion?
Blast a hole
through it?
Maybe.
Yes! The Roar
can do anything.
The Roar can't solve
everything, Bunga.
We don't even know
what's on
the other side
of that wall.
Pfft,
doesn't matter.
The Roar
can handle it.
Right, Kion?
Probably.
Fuli, Zira
and her lionesses
may have
already attacked.
We need to get to
the Pride Lands
as fast as we can
So, stand back.
Okay.
Take a look?
(ROARING)
Uh-oh.
The Great Stone Wall
is holding back
a great big lake!
(ROARING)
Stop roaring!
Stop Roaring!
What?
Heyvi kabisa.
(ALL GASP)
Everyone,
stay behind me.
I can handle this.
(ROARING)
Oh, good one,
Kion.
Now what do
we do?
Not sure.
But I don't think
I can...
Uh-oh. (ROARS)
The klipspringers.
They're right
in the path
of the water!
And hyraxes?
They'll all be
in danger
if that water
floods the valley!
Fuli?
I'm on it.
Keep Roaring.
Ono, Beshte,
see if
you can fix
the rock wall.
On it.
Affirmative.
We need to clear
the valley
in case the wall
can't be saved.
Bunga, Anga,
hyrax duty.
You got it.
Anga,
gimme a lift?
All right.
Anga lenga!
That leaves
the klipspringers
to us.
Follow me!
Huwezi!
Mibinamet!
But, uh,
shouldn't we be
saving ourselves?
Janja, you're one of
the good guys now.
Come on.
All right,
all right.
How's it look,
Ono?
Not good.
Kion's roar
smashed a big hole
in the Great Stone Wall.
Fixing it
won't be easy.
Nawaza, nawaza,
nawaza...
(GASPS) Yes, I've got it.
Beshte, we'll
need to gather
all the rocks
the Roar made
when it smashed
the wall.
I can do that.
What's the plan?
We're going
to use the Roar
to fix what it broke.
Zuka Zama.
Hold still,
hyraxes.
Coming up!
Hup! Hup! Hup!
ANGA:
Coming down.
Whoa!
AZAAD: Go, go , go!
FULI: Come on, move it!
Keep them all running
in one direction!
Sure thing,
Jasiri.
Hey, being
a good guy
is just like being
a bad guy.
Except you don't try
eating everything
you chase.
(ROARING)
Ono, any luck?
Yes, we have a plan,
but we need you
to keep roaring.
(ROARING)
Beshte,
now!
Start pushing
the rocks
into the Roar's
path!
(GRUNTS)
It's working!
Keep pushing, Beshte.
We need enough
to cover the hole.
(GRUNTS)
The hyraxes are
safe and sound.
The klipspringers
too.
Looks like
Kion, Beshte,
and Ono
could use
some help
though.
Right,
come on.
(PANTING)
Can't keep it up
much longer.
(ROARING)
Hang on, Kion.
Help's on the way.
(GRUNTS)
(ALL GRUNTING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Okay, Kion,
the rocks
are in place.
Now!
ONO: It worked!
(ALL CHEERING)
(EXHALES)
Thanks, everyone.
I thought I could solve
all our problems myself,
but I was wrong.
Nothing can replace
the Lion Guard
working together
as a team.
Not even the Roar.
We make
a great team.
All of us.
Being a good guy
ain't so bad.
Guess we need
to take
the long way around
after all.
Do not worry,
Kion.
As I said,
the Pride Lands
are not far
from here.
We will be
there soon.
Hey, this place
looks familiar.
JASIRI: It does.
Yes. We have reached
the Outlands.
Yep.
And look.
ONO: I see it, too!
FULI: Pride Rock.
We made it.
We're almost home.
Yes.
The Pride Lands.
But we can't
stop now.
We need to find Zira
and stop her.
Till the Pride Lands
end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ The power of the Roar
♪ It dwells inside you
and all around you
♪ In ways
you've never seen before
♪ The power of the Roar
♪ Once you think
you've found it all
♪ You'll find
there's still much more ♪